---
Date: 2023-10-26
Last edited time: 2024-07-30T10:53
tags:
  - Ellen
---
## Current projects

How did things go with the PPCR?

  

  

Next up is advocate tracking. I’ll start working with Sam to define the requirements so I can get a scope worked out.

  

## Feedback

### From management to you:

The cell phone situation:

- Some miscommunications on the mgmt team so I need to modify the document and have you re-sign it. The old one will be stricken from the record
- It’s not just IT, Sabrina and members of accounting have noticed the phone out and commented on it
- You also set an example for the Jr staff
- Big picture. This phone issue and the grace period use are sending us mixed signals. You do good work, solve complex problems well, create excellent documentation which is great, but the the two issues communicate that you aren’t engaged, don’t appreciate our efforts, and are possibly just biding your time
- Sending that message and disregarding these policy items makes it hard to justify accommodating scheduling needs, investing in further skills, and promoting you

  

### Your feedback for me (about me or the team in general):

  

## Goals

Re AI: While predictive analysis is probably the more useful, it’s going to be a hard sell in this org. There are possible opportunities around handbooks and eval writing. If you want to start exploring, on the side, what it would take to get something set up where our users could “ask the handbook” or a model could be trained on our job descriptions so mgrs could just provide a list of items for each category to get a first draft of an eval.

API or our own model are worth considering.

  

## Professional Development

How is Google cloud training going?

## Any other issues or concerns