---
Date: 2023-11-30
Last edited time: 2024-07-30T10:53
tags:
  - Ellen
---
## Current projects

How are things going? Stuck on anything?

Done up in Github,

ER Review waiting on me

## Feedback

### From management to you:

The delay in reporting Covid made us feel like she didn’t care if we were exposed since she could have told us on Sunday when she tested positive and given us time to figure out what to do.

  

### Your feedback for me (about me or the team in general):

  

## Goals

What are your short and long-term goals? How can we work together to help you meet them?

  

## Professional Development

What are your short and long-term goals? How can we work together to help you meet them?

  

## Any other issues or concerns

MGMT team is currently working on 2024 vision plans

Loren feels the time has come to prep a separate vision plan for the dev team

High level goals on it will be things like:

Proactive responsive design for all apps and sites

Proactive ADA compliance for all apps and sites

We now how access to the tools to do so

I’m envisioning this being accomplished via a more incremental approach

When an app needs to be worked on, updating for ADA and Responsive will be considered for inclusion in the task

I.E. how Wes did the Type Script conversion

Over the next couple of months gather your thoughts on what is working well and what could be better with how dev team tasks are planned and managed.

Can you come up with any improvements to bring to the team?

What are pain points you have noticed?

  

How is graduation or school next semester looking like?

2 classes next semester, then probably one at a time due to financial

Is it possible to do a split shift for this one class?

  

Loud eating back there, Headphones please?