---
Date: 2023-04-26
Last edited time: 2024-07-30T10:53
tags:
  - Ellen
---
## Current projects

Status check-in

Training update

  

Inboard rebuild

- Get started

  

What has been working well? Is there anything getting in your way or any additional support you need?

- Assigned training is going well
- Contact one - We need to review the protocol with them

  

- [x] Responsibility changes: Area Advocate Duties, MPOS management, backup Alex on PDQ/any training he needs

  

## Feedback

### From management to you:

  

### Your feedback for me (about me or the team in general):

  

## Goals

What are your short and long-term goals? How can we work together to help you meet them?

- Long term
    - new merch start looking into how we can help them maybe some cloud stuff.
    - Info sci stuff on Celerant data exploration
- Short term
    - CamCan improvements - ID then implement on the side
    - Do inboard rebuild
    - Documentation for recent projects
        - Revise template

## Professional Development

What are your short and long-term goals? How can we work together to help you meet them?

Next.js mastery and

Long term

- Cloud data and Dashboard
    - How to host, where data lives

## Any other issues or concerns

- [x] For Promo re-read employee handbook

  

### Five points of power examples

Ask for what you want

Training, tools, projects

Keep your agreements

Completing work detailed in the Scope

Follow-up communication

Having demos ready when agreed

If you need to follow-up on something from a discussion with stakeholder, follow-up asap or communicate the delay preemptively

Speak the truth

Discuss when mid-project requests cause scope creep

Let stakeholders know if a deliverable isn’t going to be met as early as possible

e.g. If a demo isn’t going to be 100% ready for some reason. The stakeholder may wish to postpone or may be okay with a partial demo, but it sets correct expectations.

Be accountable for your own experiences

Be honest when reflecting on why something didn’t get done correctly, on time, or “failed” (like a deployment issue or crashing app)

We can improve on truth, even if it’s uncomfortable

Give 100% attention when interacting with others

Make sure we understand requirements before taking action.

Address everything a stakeholder brings up

Come to the conversation with as much preemptive knowledge as possible

Understanding the user’s challenges/needs will help you prepare for what they may ask