---
Date: 2023-07-21
Last edited time: 2024-07-30T10:53
tags:
  - Ellen
---
## Current projects

What has been working well? Is there anything getting in your way or any additional support you need?

  

Hand of off PDQ is almost ready. Just need to meet with Alex

Area advocates need to chase down

Alex can decide how to handle GA

Need to finish some docs

  

Playnetwork can hand off after curios are done.

Working with Brian to create docs

  

We didn’t need to talk about the inboard because we already got synced up on that earlier this week.

## Feedback

### From management to you:

Good work on not being in the grace period on any of your lunches this month, and I also see improvements in arrival grace periods. Just make try to make sure it doesn’t start slipping once the semester starts up.

### Your feedback for me (about me or the team in general):

Playnetwork install in maintenance seemed to not be wanted. Was there a communication mishap? Why did we spend money and time on it? Is this a GA standard this.

## Goals

What are your short and long-term goals? How can we work together to help you meet them?

  

## Professional Development

What are your short and long-term goals? How can we work together to help you meet them?

  

## Any other issues or concerns

### Cleanliness

There has been an increase in roach spottings. We need to make sure we are cleaning crumbs and dirty dishes off our desks daily.

If you see a mess in the bathroom like overflowing trash cans or anything else, let Loren and Sabrina know so it can be addressed.