---
Date: 2023-03-29
Last edited time: 2024-07-30T10:53
tags:
  - Ellen
---
## Current projects

What has been working well? Is there anything getting in your way or any additional support you need?

Let's document the mgr video rotation somehow

How can we demo the training site with the videos working without taking the URL

## Feedback

### From management to you:

On your current projects, you’ve done well in meeting the scoped objectives and applying feedback from our users.

  

Your code is clean and organized and the way you implemented the model for the training site was a creative way to abstract the content. One improvement in code readability I’d like to see is a line of whitespace between code blocks or chunks of related code.

  

Your grace period use has gotten excessive again. Looking back at just the last two months nearly every shift start and return from lunch is in the grace period. The management team as a whole has decided that we can no longer approve schedule availability changes. I advocated strongly to keep your current schedule in place through May and was granted that; however, in June your schedule will be brought back to a 40hr/week.

Future availability changes won’t be approved until a long-term improvement of the grace period use is demonstrated.

### Your feedback for me (about me or the team in general):

  

## Goals

What are your short and long-term goals? How can we work together to help you meet them?

  

## Professional Development

What are your short and long-term goals? How can we work together to help you meet them?

First meeting, nothing

  

Training in general: January didn’t go as I had hoped for any of us. Going forward we will be blocking out training time. The amount of time afforded will be equal to 110% of the video duration, broken up over multiple days as department coverage allows.

## Any other issues or concerns

Do the inboard while training