---
Created: 2024-10-15T12:35
Last Edited Time: 2024-12-31T15:19
Type: Weekly Sync
Created By: Jeff Innes
Time Range: Invalid date
---
# December 31, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Thursday morning - Alex term
    - Do whenever we want - Sam and Loren will do it at 6:00 am when he gets in
    - Sam has everything lined ups
- Re Sam: last day probably 1/24
    - Sam and Loren are going to work on reassigning the stuff she handles
- No plan to fill either position for now
- Will announce both on 1/2
- James will direct repot to me! üéâ

## Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Add to 2025 project plan

---

# December 27, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Randall don‚Äôt include accounting unless cleared to do so
    - For the check that failed email let‚Äôs change the wording to it‚Äôs explicit that IT will be checking this information
- Regarding for Alex
    - PDQ hasn‚Äôt been updating for weeks
    - PDQ says to have it excluded from our AV
        - Sam confirmed that it was not excluded
        - She is testing doing it on Monica‚Äôs to see if this resolves it
    - Loren is going to discuss this with Sabrina to see if this needs to be added to the PIP or what other next steps need to be completed

## Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]

---

# December 19, 2024

Monica new Office version

## Important Takeaways

- Alex still needs to follow up with Vipre, my computer doesn‚Äôt have that error message.
- Add some features to SamsPal to show upcoming expenses by month. Think like change over time graph.
- Jeff with Monica
    - Find out how we can help her to get the info she needs to better distro NM
        - (heard you saw the ICAT+ but not quite what you needed, what do you need?)
    - Also find out if she uses the Store Report app or the PDFs
        - ‚ÄúWe don‚Äôt get a lot of feedback about it and aren‚Äôt sure people are using it‚Äù
- Monica New office version

## Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]

---

# December 11, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Steve and Sabrina had the mgr meeting since Loren is out
- Celerant bug is fixed
    - Steve needs to work on getting the Lab straightened out
    - Randall will need to use Smart Install Maker
- It‚Äôs okay to let Max know the Tier 3 starting pay

## Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]

---

# December 4, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Steve
    - Go back and check the Tag Printer emails to check what we are saying to do about the stickers
- Sam
    - Give Alex his write-up documentation
    - And she will do his annual eval
- Monica ICAT-ish
    - She is interested in something kinda like it
    - Sabrina showed her how to get into Celerant to get what she need
    - Loren want‚Äôs to make her an ICAT for new merch only to get her interested
- Sam will start reading the Thanks for Feedback
- Steve get moving on Windows 11 for accounting, make a ticket
- Is Jared ready for promo?

  

Anything about MPOP?

- Nah, they still need to figure out payouts before we do anything else with this

## Follow-up Action Items

- [ ] Test UKG App

---

# November 27, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Power outage Vella called mad that we said the wrong thing
    - Going forward with some sort of issue (internet or power) IT will ONLY email the store all group and area office staff letting them know the situation
    - We will not advise the store on what to do at ALL. They should get instruction from area office.
    - All group email: Tell everyone we will roll the phone and what is out. ‚ÄúPlease let us know when services are restored‚Äù
- Sabrina will do true colors
- For James
    - Check in with Monica towards the end to see if ANY improvements can be made

## Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]

---

# November 6, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Expectations for ICAT+ are all over the place
- Projects are all on track, nothing big here

## Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Find out from Brian about mktng computer

---

# October 30, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Jeff
    - For BI she wants us to fix the merch sold faster before exploring report building tools
        - This is already on Randall‚Äôs plan so
    - In the next few weeks we will setup a meeting with Acct mgmt to find out what BI reports would be good for them
    - Make the reporting services top priority
- Steve
    - For DB Purge make sure to check off all the boxes
    - For restoring the buy headers Loren feels like we should be in the clear
        - Steve and Sabrina want to test all the reports first
- Sabrina is really checking things closely
    - I‚Äôm not sure why this was brought up, maybe just to let us know to keep things updated
- For the 5th
    - Daniel will come in for about 4 hours to do openVAS stuff
    - James is going to work 8:30a - 5:00p
    - I‚Äôll work 8:00a - 4:30p
- TX02 wants to keep using those USB fans so Steve is okayed to get them little AC adapters
- TN01 is going to be moving to GA04 next month
- HR will be moving to that new house - Sam is the lead on this
- Steve needs to come up with a timeline for the Acct Win 11 upgrades
- Sam will be adding our capital expense budget projects into the Vision plan
    - I am to add next years dev projects

## Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]

---

# October 23, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Scanners seem to be going well
- ICAT+
    - Sabrina doesn‚Äôt love the column header names
        - She gave suggestions in chat
        - See if I can come up with new wording that is more concise
- Telerik
    - Go forward with contacting them to find out exactly what we need
    - Celerant based data first
    - Loren told Sabrina it wouldn‚Äôt be much work to get all the Acct data into a DB to power other reports
    - Once we know how to get moving on it we will ID 2 - 3 reports based on Celerant data to prove the concept
- Steve Re: Max 90 day
    - He is planning on trying to get the A+ done next week
- Backblaze backups
    - Let Sabrina know the Backblaze backup restored correctly
    - Loren would like the backup process deployed to all stores by next Friday (11/01)
- MPOP
    - Sabrina to review now
    - PayPal was suggested as a payout option
        - This is actually probably going to be the best way to deal with payouts‚Ä¶
        - They have some things to figure out.

## Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]
- [x] Find out if James can get the backup process in place
    
    Steve needs to know what to do for new server setups
    

---

# October 16, 2024

- [x] Voting day work?

## Important Takeaways

- Max 90 day is coming up
- Sam
    - Two decommed servers can go to staff
    - With Steve see what‚Äôs still at Drachman and get rid of it - staff or recycle
    - As she takes over on Alex, remember for eval that he has been missing things (inboard, email, details etc)
- Randall did well, let him know
- Voting day approved

## Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Check Max‚Äôs Pluralsight
- [x] Randall did well, let him know
- [x] Set voting day email reminders

---

# October 9, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Disaster Recovery
    
    - Issue when recovering. Still taking 2 hours per computer. Restored computers are not able to join domain unless a human touches it.
    - We need to go in the Javalina room and really fill out the roadmap
    - I will be the Communication Facilitator
        - I would need to notify Sydney with what we know and to tell her that we have begun recovery
            - Unless it is decided that we need to wait for LC approval to start
    - We should also check for a decryption tool
    - Communication to Area offices initially should be for them to go help their stores
        - They should contact each store manager to make sure they are informed
    
    - Initial store SMS blast will come from the email groups, not Twilio API
        - Document this in the procedure
    
    - We will need to get Ops up so they can communication better at some point but not right away

## Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Draft initial email templates for Disaster Recover

---

# October 2, 2024

## Important Takeaways

- Sabrina overheard Brian and Max were talking about personal stuff
    - We need to patrol I guess?
    - In Randall‚Äôs one-on-one mention that personal conversations need to stop if a member of the LC
- Dept overtime use for Projects
    - She seemed good with that
    - But then was not okay with Sam and James doing it
        - So Sam can do OT, but James and Daniel will need to adjust their schedule
- Loren let Sabrina know his idea for Dec/Jan as tech debt time - She seemed good with that
- Scanners
    - Loren will send an email on Friday letting them know about the DL scanning feature

## Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]

---