---
Created: 2025-01-03T13:14
Last Edited Time: 2025-04-23T11:51
Type: Weekly Sync
Created By: Jeff Innes
Time Range: Invalid date
---
# March 31, 2025

Review Software Assurance Licensing

Upcoming times I need escalation coverage

- Su 4/6
- Sa 4/16 - Su 4/17

# Important Takeaways

- Have James get the 3 Year SA costs
- Loren has some appointments

# Follow-up Action Items

- [x] What’s going on with Area Office workstation Win 11 upgrades
- [x] Double check Ops Win 11 Schedules
- [x] Give Loren the Spiceworks reporting stuff so he can play with PowerBI
- [x] Pull Max’s tickets for last 90 for Loren

---

# March 27, 2025

This is the “Loren is back, Catch up meeting”

# Important Takeaways

- Gave Loren updated on things
- PowerBI
    - Loren want’s to see what he can do with Acct data - Is sick of trying to make sense of Celerant
    - Will meet with Linda and Tonya to see where their data ends up so we can plan how to get it useable by powerBI

# Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Price out some bluetooth scanners
- [x] Do we really benefit from having an Admin campus DC

---

# March 6, 2025

# Important Takeaways

- This meeting was Me, Steve, & Sabrina because Loren was out.

  

- Post on Indeed and Website tomorrow (Fri)
    - Applications need to be reviewed daily
    - Steve will handle the first rounds with a couple of technical
    - We will do the majority of the technical in the second round
    - Second round will be me and Loren
- Steve is working on disputing Granite charge
    - They got info and sent it over
- BofA rep is retiring and we are getting a new one.
- Dynamics is also end of life-ing in 2028

  

- Start documenting

# Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Dig up UKG authentication changes and refresh memory
- [x] Get familiar with transfer logs
    - [x] Acct needs this in excel, but what does this do
- [ ]

---

# February 26, 2025

# Important Takeaways

- We might postpone the receipt printer replacements
- Checkpoint GA05 to be completed by end of March
    - James will guide Daniel and Brian
- Brian will begin deploying Win 11 to area office computers
- Steve might go on MN01 move and take one other person

  

Part 2 with Randall

- Reviewed the report asks from RB
- Loren will need to hit Sabrina about if all of these are still wanted, how we should prioritize it
- I’ll have Randall start looking around at PowerBI and get familiar with the mktng ones that I already made.

# Follow-up Action Items

- [ ] Have Randall make documentation for the MPOP
- [ ] Have Randall dig a little deeper on the JAMS hitting 100%
    
    What else is going on there?
    

---

# February 19, 2025

# Important Takeaways

- Cloudflare Pro is approved
- March 7th we will post an add for a new IT position
    - Loren is thinking probably 4-6 weeks to get someone in position
    - Loren will do PDF filtering
    - Steve will do the phone screen
    - First Round: Jeff and Steve
    - Second Round: TBD
- Randall is going to keep working on JAMS
- Sabrina is in the loop on our Office eval
- Steve is working with Lanae on macros
    - Acct people are making the macros and the others are making further changes
    - Steve is guiding Lanae on organizing and maintaining the macros
    - We do not have the ability to manage that for them right now
- Steve and Jared have talked about his out of office stuff
- Sabrina is already pushing Loren to figure out who is managing who (For reviews and such)
    - Loren is holding her off for a bit until the dust settles more

# Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Let Randall know he is going to be the JAMS guy
    
    The others will try but he is the go to
    
- [x] Ask James if he wants to do CPR certification

---

# February 5, 2025

# Important Takeaways

- JAMS - Might not be able to hand off from Randall and James
    - Meet with James and Randall to review where are we on JAMS and figure out a reasonable
- Move forward with with removing the un needed batch syncs
    - Update Logon scripts
    - Sync folders
    - Destination folders
    - Remove Sync drives

# Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]

---

# January 29, 2025

# Important Takeaways

- Possible report for back stock vs whats on the floor
- Loren pitched the buy report again
- Go talk to James
    - Someone was less than happy about 204 being we’ll get to it
        - 204 needs to be fully done and online by the end of this week < tell them this part
        - Also the holes in the plaster were not appreciated, from now on maintenance does hole drilling
    - We’ll need to reschedule someone to come in on the moving weekend
- Steve: Melissa needs an update on the laptop status asap
- Loren and I will get on the ransomware emails
- Rollback Notion to just dev team

# Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]

---

# January 22, 2025

# Important Takeaways

- Samspal rework sounds like a good idea
- Sabrina is maybe looking at software licensing being billed to their departments, but also maybe not.
    - Don’t make any moves or say anything yet. Sabrina will let us know.

# Follow-up Action Items

- [ ]

---

# January 15, 2025

# Important Takeaways

- Regarding Project List
    - Probably going to go through as Loren prefers
    - Sabrina wants to look over the list to confirm
    - Maybe hire in April

# Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Submit Pay Change for Jared
    
    Oops I forgot and Steve had to do it
    

---