Timeline Of Events

- 6/11 during department meeting a little before 12, Loren brought to my attention that it appeared Valorie and Ellen were engaged in a back-and-forth conversation unrelated to the meeting. I messaged Valorie to get her attention back on the meeting.
- After the meeting and I had time to compose my thoughts on how I wanted to address it(around 1:50p), I sent a message to both Valorie and Ellen reminding them that during the meetings they need to keep their attention focused “in case anything comes up that is relevant to you or that you have information on”. Valorie stated she understood and apologized.
- 20 minutes later Ellen acknowledged my message by asking to speak in person about it.
- In that meeting Ellen wanted to discuss how she is feeling singled out, and nitpicked in general, since she has seen other people doing similar things or sleeping during the meetings for years.  
    I acknowledged that I could understand how it would feel that way, but that we do address things that need to be addressed with other staff privately and reminded her that we are not always going to be aware of the same things she is. I also provided guidance that no matter how we think other people are overseen, we can only hold ourselves accountable regardless of how just that feels. (I’m paraphrasing the less elegant way I said it off the top of my head during the meeting) To finish out the meeting I asked that if she is seeing things that she feels aren’t being addressed, she bring them to our attention, if she is comfortable doing so, because it’s possible that we aren’t aware of it or might think someone else is addressing it.  
    
- Nothing else was discussed or addressed other than project chat until I left for the conference on 6/18
- On 6/24, the first day I was back from the meeting Sam let me know that while Loren and I were out (6/20 & 6/21) she had observed Ellen and Valorie excessively chatting all day each day until Valorie had to leave early at which point it stopped. She confirmed that it hadn’t been addressed in the moment and that it was happening again as she was telling me about it.
- At this point we took the issue to Loren in person at which point we were instructed just to see if we can pull chat histories. We confirmed that we were able to do so and put a hold an any further action until we could get guidance from Sabrina when she returned on Wednesday.
- Loren and I were advised to meet with Ellen and discuss this and the other ongoing issues and how this gives us the impression that she is disengaged and to discuss the excessive chatting with Valorie
- Loren, Sam, and I met for our normal manager’s meeting and to get on the same page regarding how he and I were instructed to handle the situation with both Ellen and Valorie. Sam kept cutting him off before he could get to what we would talk with Valorie about and she got very heated with the assumption that we would only talk to Ellen and made claims that things she brings up are always ignored and she gets treated differently because she is a woman. Loren explained that he had never made any decisions about what she does here based on her gender but instead on her excellent job performance and asked that she bring up issues like this immediately in the future. (I’m paraphrasing but this was the gist of it)
- We met with Ellen who responded to all of our feedback with defensiveness and deflection by justifying her actions based on her perception that others were doing things that they were getting away with. Ellen suggested that she was seeing differences in how people are treated because some people are in a “boys club”. We have not observed anything supporting that. We covered again that we can’t address things we are unaware of and have addressed them when we became aware. We communicated that we need to see improvement in the outlined issues to rebuild trust in her engagement level.
- We then met with Valorie and I explained what Sam had witnessed about the excessive chatting and advised her that while some friendly side conversation is great for team development, she needs to be cautious that it doesn’t become excessive and cross the line into time theft. Loren advised that if she finds herself with a large chunk of downtime, she fills it with training materials like Pluralsight. She responded neutrally and acknowledged what we said, but was unusually tense during the meeting.
- Based on what he had witnessed in the two meetings, Loren made the decision to have me get him access to the chat logs.
- From there I don’t know what happened until, towards the end of my shift, when Sabrina instructed me to pull the logs for Ellen, Valorie, and Sam. She needed them in a readable format and we needed to quantify how many chats were sent between Ellen and Valorie each day since the 11th. I worked on this after hours to avoid raising any suspicions and to take advantage of the increased privacy.