---
Created: 2025-07-02T11:20
Type: Weekly Sync
---
# August 27, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- Should Daniel and James go to that conference?
- Goal to get stuff off my plate by December
- Windows 11 upgrades to be done by 10/1
- Dept projects:
	- Looking into auto start (Daniel is gathering info)
	- Server memory utilization audit (Brandon)
		- Once he has built it out, Steve will take it over and lead the effort to figure out what
	- Max working on speed checks
		- Stuff is coming up that needs to be looked into
	- Ransomware recovery test (Brian is overseeing this, see project folder)
		- Loren suggested they also do 4 Acct computers
		- 5 servers
	- Project to update all VMs to server 2022
	- The new server installs are goaled to be done 10/15
- Daniel, Brian, Alies are going to the Tech Summit on 9/10
- Celerant testing - Steve will try and do today
- Steve is going to work on the production room stuff
- Get the mobile POS documentation updated to have a cover sheet with the border thing

Next dev projects
- BS Log post CAC changes
- CTK EOM email changes
- ACH Batch tool
- Then RBs
- Then Monica's
## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)
- [ ] Get the monthly audits so they are just one person per month (Brian to do them, me to check that he did them for the first month)
- [ ] Get the mobile POS documentation updated to have a cover sheet with the border thing
- [ ] Run the server db BI report and share it with the MGRs

---
# August 21, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- Servers are racked, Daniel and Brian are working on plans
- Granite is dropping the ball - nothing we can really do about that
- Max: Change script to clear those logs every 90 days
- Consignment PDF - Needs to get tested in the Lab (Steve has that)
- Melissa - We'll hear something when we do
	- Have Max get the digital signage doc put together so we can leave a printed version on her desk
- 9/1 area changes - I'll need to audit or something think about what needs to
	- I'll participate Sunday night too
- Steve is working on Brandon's 90 day
- Can other people do the update
	- What's involved with that?

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [x] Max to get a user guide written up for the digital signage
- [x] Check in with marketing about the location/area updates
	- [x] and HR
	- [x] and the printer paths
- [x] Get with Brian for the Checklists

---
# August 14, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- I'm not sure this was technically the weekly meeting as it was just suddenly called but since we didn't have one on Wed and all three of us are in attendance I will assume this is the case.

- Cat Mountain
	- Steve finished trip #1
		- Replaced the work station (not a domain computer)
		- The iPad is working again
	- Office 365
	- Still need to be done
		- Replace Pam's computer (and she needs to cancel her Adobe)
		- Two other computers need to come out of there
- Celerant Zip things
	- Steve and Max will work on tweaking alerts
- Melissa new offices
	- Steve is working these
	- Gotta figure out who to send (Probably Max or Daniel)
- Brandon's 90 day is coming up at the end of this month
- Brandon is going to help Steve with

Told Loren the main things I'm working on
- Helping James
- Snipe-IT
- Working with Max
	- Considering projects I can give him
- 

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [ ] Make the MGR Task Audit Spreadsheet and get the guys doing it
- [ ] Start thinking about how to delegate things

---

# July 30, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- Digital Signage
	- They picked a space
	- Maint will install electrical
- Watchlist
	- This may be requested for other areas and locations
- Consignment end of the month report
	- Get done ASAP
- Labor cost asap as well
	- What else does James have on his plate
- They want us to research new training tablets
- Replacement printers
	- SB wants Brian not to worry about ink vs toner or manufacturer
- Plan to do Mktng and IT monitor replacements for end of 2026
- Sabrina is okay with having James, Brian, and Daniel do the Loren Audits and just reporting to us what they find to hand out for fixes (or what they fix)

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [ ] Document the plan to replace monitors somewhere

---

# July 9, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- New POS - Not even going to start looking until Dec
- Steve will work on Alies’ 90 day
    - It’s okay to keep it brief
- Riolink interface
- Labor Cost Calculator - Sabrina is hoping for mid August completion
    - Offer James a day off and weekend day to work on it
    - Or a work from home day
- Let’s start people on the General IT training

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [x] Talk to James about setting up Snipe-it
    - [x] Can we set replacement dates?
- [x] Brian make a ticket for Fiber battery replacement

---

# July 2, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- Budget meeting coming up for Me/Steve/Lanae/Tonya
- POS RFP
    - Sabrina, Loren, Steve, and Jeff will write the RFP
- Talk to James about setting up Snipe-it
    - This past year, laptops got missed in budgeting
- Steve
    - Go ahead and start filling it in
- Not moving forward just yet but potentially we have been approved for cameras installed on the building
- Sometime in the future we will address the Google storage usage
    - Not right now though, just sometime

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [ ] 

---
