---
Created: 2025-04-09T09:46
Last Edited Time: 2025-07-02T11:22
Type: Weekly Sync
Created By: Jeff Innes
Time Range: Invalid date
---
# June 25, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- MPOP by end of July
- Alies has his 90 day coming up
- Hell or high water do Loren’s audits next week
- Office 365: GA Deployment Starting Aug 1
- Brian will work on getting NAS drives shipped by EOM
- Aug: Brian and Daniel to start on server replacements (James oversight)
- Jade says WatchList is “incredible!!”
- Pins for some kind of little tangible rewards

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [x] GA Deployment Starting Aug 1
    - [x] Come up with onboarding plan with James
    - [x] Pick day to schedule with Brian
- [x] Pins for some kind of little tangible rewards
- [x] Hell or high water do Loren’s audits next week

---

# June 18, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- Keep working with James and Randall on their projects
- Loren is going to get on a call with Granite about this inside wiring refund that’s still dragging on
- MN01 is ready to go
- TX02 is scheduled
- Sabrina got a request for Google Lense
    - On iPhone and tablet is good
    - Alies to write up directions - Brian check them
    

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [ ]

---

# June 11, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- James and Brian
    - Loren found some issues on the servers
    - Loren gave them some tasks to do
    - Get addressed asap - Brian is already working on it
- Keep reaching out to the GA department heads about Office
- After Steve gets back from MN01 they want him to go over the store move process with Brian(?) and Max. That way he can catch anything that needs to be adjusted.
- Start ear marking small project things for Max
- Keith needs Fedex assistance from Steve
    - He has to test macros first
- Me and James: Come up with the On-prem AD > MS Fabric onboarding processes.

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [ ]

---

# May 28, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- Loren will get personal emails from dept heads for HIBP
    - RB approved this
- Loren and Sabrina discussed the POS stuff - no action items for now
- DLS is working on a macro fix for the MS 365 migrations
- PI Stuff
    - Lots of collaborators in the department
- For the clips folder Loren want’s us to provide a naming convention
    - I hope to the gods we don’t end up having to manage the contents of these folders
- WiFi replacement looking at April or may next year

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [x] Find out what’s going on with Randall and Markdowns
- [x] Work

---

# May 21, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- POS Replacement (maybe)
    - Sabrina knows Loren has done a loooot of research
    - Loren is meeting with Odoo tomorrow
    - Loren will review NRF vendor list with SB and RB
    - Sabrina will share the project scope with all the department heads (maybe more) to fill out further
    - He let Sabrina know we can consider switching a lot over to Linux
- Budget
    
    - Not replacing any monitors in 2026
    - WiFi AP upgrades are looking at around $14,000
    - Yealink Handsets getting replaced
    - WiFi Bridges
    - Vault-01 and Vault-02 replacements
        - ==Still need pricing with disks==
    
    - GA Checkpoint - We need the retail price
    
    - Store servers
        - We’re going with Dell and not an off brand thing that might be sketchy
        - Estimating at $110k
- Steve will be handling the wages tab in the 2026 budget
- Now we are stepping through Loren’s AI generated scope for the POS for some reason

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [x] Have James to look up retail price of GA Checkpoint
- [x] Have James get Vault 1 & 2 pricing with disks and everything
- [x] Suggest to Sabrina that the POS scope gets shared out in “suggest” mode

---

# May 16, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- MPOS/POP units
    - They are not Windows 11 compatible so we HAVE to buy 5 new ones
- Daniel is going to reach out to JAMS for training
    - 3 day class - we can record it for playback later
    - Randall, Daniel, Brian to join live
    - James and Max to watch later
    - Cost is $10k (Approved) but Loren is going to see if he can get a discount
- We got an answer from Zoom (number changes if locations moved)

  

From CAC:

- Get Waitwhile app installed on store iPhones
- Steve was told to deploy a new customer status
    - Steve and Randall are ready to roll that
- Loren thinks this is best for James
    - They want a way for the floor security assistant to see it
    - Anyone from the area (or IT) could drop the clip into a folder that everyone has access to
    - Start with GA05
    - ASAP
- After this weekend, no more OT for Power BI
- Incident reports, make a store report style app
    - Get Sabrina to outline what it needs to do
- RB announced we are looking at replacing Celerant in 6 months
    - um what?
    - Starting in 6 months? Done in 6 months?
        - Gotta be the former

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [ ] Brian go ahead and roll out the Waitwhile
- [ ] Let James know about the security clip thing
- [ ] Waitwhile wait times settings change

---

# May 7, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- Loren still doesn’t have access to BitDefender
- Loren is going to have James help me with the manager audit stuff
- We are going to skip code reviews. They can get approval straight from the stakeholders / Sabrina.
    - Just keep me in the loop

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [x] Get Loren into BitDefender

---

# April 30, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- MPOP
    - Randall has a few assignments that came out of the latest event
- Steve has approval to send receipt printer schedule over to Sabrina for review
- For the actual office migration we are looking at doing literally November 1
    - Lanae is tasked with testing macros, Olivia is also going to help her somehow
    - Gotta figure out user auth and getting people set up by end of July (I say this)
- Store trips
    - MN01 - Daniel Lead w/ Jared
    - TX02 - Brian Lead w/ Max
- ATS - Loren will get movement on getting the Job app purge moved down to 1 month
    - Everyone else (HR) need to figure out how to handle the archive process
- For Max’s project - I should meet with him
    - Find out his understanding of the project scope
        - Loren says
            - Speed test from the store via CLI to test the internet speed
            - File transfer from GA to each store’s workstation to see how VPN is affecting speed
    - It wouldn’t be a bad idea to split out the transfer tests over multiple weeks
    - How are you structuring this in the database?
- Get Alies listening on calls as much as possible
    - Next week Jared to try and answer as many calls as possible so Alies can listen in to as many as possible
- For BI
    - Randall to finish the current New Merch
    - Then we can contact Rebecca and get her top pick lined up (Me and Randall)

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [ ] See the Staff assignments sheets
    - [ ] Make and change by the end of this week
- [ ] Send Loren and Steve my 1:1 template

---

# April 28, 2025

This is a meeting about the management training stuff 10:43a

## Important Takeaways

- Loren removed the sections we don’t need from the area advocate tasks
- For the MGR cross training set some time on the calendar this week to work with Loren
    - I’ll be doing May
- For Cross training, we will hold off on UKG because it’s a hard and big one to tackle
- Staff Assignments:
    - Cover the staff assignments with James and Randall during their next one on ones
- Steve was thinking about moving Samspal and Amazon approvals to him but Loren says to keep it with me

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [x] Update the Area Advocate Duties v2 sheet to get rid of the things
- [x] Add the cross training items to Randall and James’ assignments
- [x] Find out how to check in Bitdefender

---

# April 23, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- Part 1
    - Loren has been directed to cross train Steve and I on the tasks he performs
        - He is building a list of the things he does and how much time they take
        - We will be doing a monthly rotation on the tasks
        - I will document the expectations when Loren trains me on it
    - I am to train Randall and James on
        - Website update and Patches
        - Gift card monitoring and updates
        - ATS Support
        - Waitwhile Admin and Reporting
        - CMS Website support
    - Once a quarter Loren is to attend my Career Track meetings with my team
    - Once the new Merch BI is complete no more shall be done till migration is complete
    - We are going to stop making a big deal about grace periods no one else is so we are just wasting our time (keep tracking and it can go in eval but don’t factor into performance rating
    - Steve and Loren are going to work on reviewing and auditing
- Part 2
    - Advocate activities:
        - Wireshark goes to quarterly
        - Keep IP Scan
        - Drop Server Event Logs
        - Drop Server Maintenance
    - Steve is going to have Jared(?) take over generator maintenance
    

  

## Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Check out the Staff assignments and managers tasks sheets in our mgr shared drive
    - [x] Add things for James and Randall before Monday afternoon
- [x] Let James know to drop the people counter research

---

# April 17, 2025

## Important Takeaways

- Part 1:
    
    - MPOP (and interntal apps) make it clear to Randall that Loren and Sabrina have to approve any externally requested changes
    - Sabrina want’s me to get stuff off my plate if I can
    - Work with Max on GitHub and drop hints about speed test cli
    
      
    
- Part 2:
    - Randall, good job on such a high ticket count. But it’s okay to start letting the others take them.
    - Data handling questions:
        - Let’s put together 5 to 7 question
            - Do you have direct access to our data (For Suitebriar)
            - If you have credentials that give you access, how do you store them?
            - What antivirus products do you use?
            - Come up with more of them
    - Loren let Steve know about the project for speed tests that he gave to Max
    - Loren will handle the Bucket Bonus training
    - We have all talked about the Jackalope room for focus time
    - Jared is going to be Brian’s iPhone backup
        - An email needs to go out for the recent iPhone update
        - Jared to look for free virus protection for iPhones
    - Randall, start working on Monica’s easiest requests
        - Then we can start working on Rebecca’s requests
    - James
        - How could we have avoided the Checkpoint setting that was missed
    

## Follow-up Action Items

- [x] Data handling questions
- [x] What happened with the Expansion email?
- [x] Update Loren’s MAP (It’s in his downloads folder also a snip called #27)
- [x] Get Randall working on Monica’s BI (Time to add it to the dev projects)
- [x] Contact Steph and Jessica to make sure they know to CC Loren and Sabrina on any requests so they are in the loop

---

# April 9, 2025

  

With Sabrina and Steve

## Important Takeaways

- Loren will likely be out the rest of the week
- Need to figure out the actual rollout plan for office 365
- EOM Email Template move into CTK
- Follow-up with Randall about making sure everything is approved on our side before handing off to outside groups
    - i.e. Documentation was not at all ready for Marketing
    - This is also on me for not being more hands on with the review process
- Order the scanner
- Can we do Easter for the chipset / other scheduled things?
- Follow up on ww email updates

  

For Backstock Log: Block out time

## Follow-up Action Items (Check off after adding to “ToDo” list)

- [x] EOM Email Template move into CTK
- [x] Order the scanner
- [x] Store Reports
- [x] Subnet vulnerability

---